[ALBERT]
I take it you've known of
Heavensky's
underground labyrinth
for quite a while now.
I learned many secrets
as a missionary.
Gathering information
was part of my job.
Look at this place.
The amount of time
and manpower it took
to build this
must've been astronomical.
All of that work just
so one man
could have
an easy escape route.
Seems like a waste.
♪
[SUZUNO]
Whatever its original intent,
we're certainly lucky
this passage exists now.
[ALBERT]
Just our luck. A dead end?
[SUZUNO]
No.
Look up.
Steady, good Albert, I need you
to lend me a shoulder.
Aah! Hey!
I'm gonna request a little more
warning next time.
[SUZUNO]
Then be warned.
[Albert grunts and groans]
[Albert groans]
[both groaning]
So, we made it to the exit?
Precisely.
Now I must ask
for a final push.
[ALBERT]
Up ya go!
-[Albert groans]
-[SUZUNO] Yeah.
[ALBERT]
My turn.
[groans]
Hmm.
What's this supposed to be?
This is a powder room.
Huh? All this for a toilet?
[SUZUNO] For the Emperor's
private toilet, yes.
Given their unassuming nature,
lavatories are a common place
for secret passages
to be built.
Huh?
I sense a celestial
force field thither.
Let's investigate.
Something's wrong.
This place should be
flooded with guards.
Should we hide?
Watch things for a while?
There is no time for that.
What do you think?
It likely leads
to the Emperor's bedchamber.
They didn't have the
common sense to lock the door?
[SUZUNO]
Shh!
Your Majesty.
We humbly seek an audience.
Please forgive us
for disturbing your rest.
Hmm?
[gasps]
Wait.
There's no force field in here.
That is not
the Emperor-Unifier.
Huh?
[MALE MESSENGER 23A]
I didn't expect this.
The battlefield is deserted.
[EMI] If you're confident
in your skills
as a soldier, follow me.
What are you planning, my lady?
Trust me. I'll be
taking the lead on this.
Of course, lead away, Hero.
If what you said
about hiyayakko
and ginger bud is true!
Manifest now.
My true power.
So I may vanquish all evil!
[ARMY SOLDIERS]
Ooh!
[SOLDIER 23A] The Hero is
back, and she's in full force!
[MALE SOLDIER 23B]
She's like a saint!
What a "Hero" I am.
Listen to me.
If you
step a hair out of line--
You think I don't know?
I'll fight Alciel for you,
and I won't hold back.
Isn't that what you want?
Hmm.
Soldiers!
To find our target, Alciel,
we must venture
into the castle keep!
Get ready and follow me!
Divine Boots of Light!
[army soldiers yelling]
[SUZUNO] If it's not
the Emperor-Unifier.
-then who--
-No need for guessing, goobers!
[both gasp]
-Huh?
-Gabriel!
What are you naughty lil'
so-and-so's doing
in this joint?
You weren't planning
to panty-raid
the Emperor, were you?
[both gasp]
[gasps]
I can't move a damn muscle!
He opened a gate!
You meddling kids almost
got away with it, too!
But the Emperor is valuable.
We wouldn't leave him
chillaxing in his bed.
Hey. As a consolation,
have a fun fact!
This is where we're keeping
Emi's daddio.
The Emperor-Unifier's
in a different hidey-hole.
-Huh?
[both grunt]
Where's this?
The western continent.
As far as I know,
it's the only place
that these flowers grow.
The angel blew us
that far across the map?
It'll take us days to get back
to Efzahan from here!
Huh!
So, we're all out of options?
♪
[army soldiers yelling]
-[smirks]
-Ah.
Look who decided to show up.
How thoughtful of you to come.
And to bring your bedraggled
band of soldiers!
So, Emilia.
You're here to challenge me,
despite knowing
the immense power
of my hiyayakko and ginger bud?
How deliciously foolish!
Alas, the only fool here
is you, Alciel.
For my sword and I don't need
any ginger bud
with our hiyayakko!
[MALE SOLDIER 23C]
"Ginger?" What is that?
[MALE SOLDIER 23D]
"Hiyah" what?
Oh, dear. As much
as I would like to indulge
in the humor of your ignorance,
I cannot.
Emilia the Hero
our last battle ended
in a draw.
Let us settle that score now,
one-on-one!
I would like nothing more.
Do not let him provoke you!
Think before you fight!
[FARFARELLO]
Olba Mayer!
Surely you don't intend
to interfere
with such a noble battle.
In the meantime,
we have questions for you.
But if you're desperate enough
to intrude upon their fight,
you'll have to go through
the two of us.
Uh!
He will be here. Right?
I have no doubt.
[ASHIYA] Based on
his MgRonald's schedule,
he'll have time
to make his move
on Thursday afternoon.
That said, I don't know
when he'll get here,
where he will find himself,
or what he's planning
upon arrival.
As for right now,
you know what to do!
There's only one thing
that we can do.
Dance until
our strength runs out.
Give the people a good show!
Isn't that right?
[groans]
[yawning]
Hey. Look who's up.
You doing any better?
Eh, my head is feeling
super hurt-y.
And my neck doesn't feel
awesome.
[MAOU] Whiplash from
your atomic pukes.
What was that about?
Ah! All I really know is
that my chest filled up
with this warm,
icky stuff outta nowhere.
And then, bleh.
[sighs]
Whatever.
Long as you're feeling better,
we'll ditch the inn
and hit the road.
I haven't been able to contact
Suz or Albert
for the last eight hours.
And I realize
we're not up for battle,
but at least
we can gather intel.
-Uh! Huh!
-Huh?
Whoa, dude.
What does that mean?
Is Alas Ramus in a fight?
Over there.
Yesod is like,
super-duper duking it out
against some kinda dark force!
That's the direction
of Heavensky.
This sucks, I should totally be
able to sense that shit!
Let's go now, Maou-Maou!
My sister is really close,
I can feel her!
You might be useless,
but that doesn't mean
I can't kick some butt!
Wait a sec.
Lemme get this straight.
You left your fusion
with Nord high and dry, right?
So you'd be able to fuse
with me?
Pretty much, yeah.
So, you're gonna try
to leave your fusion with me
in the same way?
Like, you and I split up
and I try to fuse
with my dad again or something?
That, uh, might be best.
What went south?
You didn't hesitate
to fuse with me
when that junk was going down
at Chi's school.
I had this gut feeling
that you and I would click
for some reason.
But there've been
lots of side effects.
So I guess we're a bad match.
To be completely honest,
looking back now,
I think your buddies
Chi or Lucifer
might've been
better choices for me.
[MAOU] You'd pick pigtails
or the piggy?
Help me understand.
I thought you guys
were the "Mistletoe."
But does that term
actually refer to us?
The people you choose
to fuse with?
Bingo, boss!
If you've got knowledge
of this world,
you can be mistletoe
for us sephiroth!
Hmm. Hmm.
But we've got way bigger issues
right now,
like finding my sister!
And unfortunately,
I'm stuck with you,
so move your lazy butt!
Stop breaking my freakin' neck
and we'll go, okay?
You're kidding me.
You really wanna scoot
all the way there?
Flying is faster,
and we'd be in the sky
ready to fight with sissy.
That would give away
our position.
You can drive this thing,
can't you?
Probably.
I took the test with Dad
a buncha times.
-But are you sure?
-Don't do anything crazy.
We don't want Gabe-y to see us
until the last minute.
If they come through the gate,
we're in trouble.
They could cut us off
before we get to Alas Ramus.
[inhales]
♪
-Welp. Let's go!
-Here we come!
♪
Holy Flame Slice!
Hah!
How pitiful!
Aah!
[both grunt and screaming]
-Piercing Aerial Flash!
-Aah!
[army soldiers]
Hiyayakko! Ginger bud!
[EMI] Seems ours will be
a war of attrition.
[ASHIYA]
Given our circumstances,
we have no other option
available.
I'm, uh, afraid that I owe you
a serious apology.
[EMI] My troops
killed a lot of your--
Or should I say, a lot of
the demon realm's citizens.
I was too weak to stop it.
I'm sorry.
Worry not. You aren't to blame.
Neither of us had the power
to change things.
Both our hands were tied.
With that behind us,
I hope the child has fared well
in this realm.
She has.
She's healthier than ever,
and her spirit is as tough
as nails.
Excellent. I'm glad to hear it!
Ah!
[both grunting]
Heavenly Fang!
[grunts]
Ah!
Ah! What?
And for my next trick!
[Emi screaming]
Not cool!
[ALAS RAMUS] Woo-hoo! Spinny,
spinny, faster, faster!
This ain't an amusement park!
Don't have so much fun!
[both screaming]
[pants]
Rise, Emilia.
You don't want to pull the plug
on our production so soon.
[EMI]
I guess not.
And I get that we have to
fight all-out right now.
But that was just mean.
I hit that roof nose-first,
you discount dork!
Shockwave of Light!
Aah!
[grins]
Try your best
not to demolish the place.
The Cloud Retreat is where
they're holding Nord Justina.
[EMI]
He's here?
[ASHIYA]
If we throw caution to the wind
and do enough damage
to seriously impact the castle,
I fear the worst
for the innocent soul
they're holding inside.
You father somehow survived
for this long.
I doubt you want to lose him
in our farce.
Of course not!
[sobbing]
My dad is really that close by?
Before you do anything rash,
keep in mind
you're in no position
to fly down and save him.
Any indication you know,
and they will relocate
your father
somewhere far beyond our reach.
You're right.
[sniffs]
[ASHIYA] Have you lost
your will to fight?
Not a chance.
Let's take our little tango
to the next level.
And when we're done here,
maybe I'll fill your troops
dance card, too.
Cut loose, Hero.
[both screaming]
[RAGUEL] They've been fighting
for seven hours now.
Talk about stamina!
I don't remember the lanky one
being that strong.
You gave him
a pretty good beating
back in Japan,
didn't you, Gabe?
Kinda. But now he's juiced up
on that Ente Air-a.
[CHAMUEL]
If she's holding back,
she will live to regret it.
Wha--?
[CHAMUEL]
She has the power of Yesod.
She should've ripped him
limb from limb
and let his blood rain down
onto his measly army by now.
Jeez, bud. You got some issues.
[CHAMUEL]
Imperfect or otherwise,
she's still the mistletoe
of a sephirah.
You know first-hand just how
formidable that power can be.
Good point. It's legit.
And thinking back,
it did let Satan
kick some butt.
Your butt, that is.
[CHAMUEL]
How dare you?
Chill. No matter what,
she's not going to lose.
On the off chance
she throws in the towel,
we can jump ahead
on the schedule a bit.
We'll pop up there and help!
We're fine.
Just gotta let her get nice
and worn out.
Hmm?
What the--
[RAGUEL] They call
those things "Scooters," right?
It's about time, dude.
That light up ahead is coming
from Big Sis!
Don't have to tell me!
Hah!
This some kinda sick joke?
Hitting an army from behind
is number one on the list
of worst-case scenarios!
[MALE SOLDIER 23I] What could
those monsters possibly be?
[MALE SOLDIER 23J]
What if it's a kind of demon?
[MALE SOLDIER 23K]
Men! Aim, and fire!
The heck are we supposed
to do now?
Pedal to the freakin' metal!
Put some faith
in Japanese tech!
-Aah!
-Are you crazy?
Agh. Never mind,
I know that answer!
[MAOU]
Move, or we'll crush you!
Scram! My insurance won't do
you any favors in Ente Isla!
Outta our way!
[army soldiers yelling]
You guys didn't really think
I'd leave you hangin'!
I'm back and here to save!
[both panting]
[both gasping]
[horn honks]
-His Majesty!
-Maou!
[BOTH] Riding on
a pizza delivery scooter?
[horn honks]
[MAOU] This traffic is
a real pain in the butt!
Uh-oh. They're gaining on us!
Hah!
Finally.
Time to execute our plan!
Here we go!
Hmm.
♪
[screaming]
Ah-ha!
You good, bomb bud?
Smokey. Huh?
[coughs]
-Huh?
-Look up ahead!
Eat my ash!
[men screaming]
Turned out pretty damn good
for D-I-Y bombs,
if I say so myself!
It's sword time!
Just poke 'em a little bit,
okay?
You're having too much fun
with this.
All scaring and no stabbing!
If push comes to shove,
throw it and drive.
Our top priority is making sure
that no one gets hurt.
So don't go too crazy!
Ah?
If you can hear me, Suzuno,
come and save me
from this mad man!
[ALBERT]
So...
You're absolutely convinced
we shouldn't send an idea link
to the Devil?
If they intercepted
our message,
we would be putting both him
and Acieth at risk.
-Hmm?
-Huh?
[grunts]
Hey. Look there.
Hmm?
Huh!
[SUZUNO]
That's the Cathedral of Oreus!
He teleported us this close
to Saint Aire?
It looks like you and I
lost hope too soon.
Do you realize what's happening
in that cathedral right now?
[MAOU]
Ya snooze, ya lose!
Move it, folks!
Watch out! Some demons
and a bald guy!
What are you doing here, Satan?
At last, his Majesty!
You're telling me that's Satan?
[MAOU] There's no time
for Baldy or those clowns!
We're going
straight into the castle!
Sound the battle horn!
[soldiers roaring]
♪
I did not need to see
evil grandpa's undies.
I can unpack that later,
for now full speed ahead!
If you say so!
When this goes bad,
it's on you!
-Oh, no!
-His poor spine!
[both gasp]
[army soldiers yelling]
Dad's in there!
What is he doing?
At this rate,
the Cloud Retreat will be--
[gasps]
♪
-Oh.
-Ah.
Sire.
You guys suck.
I missed out on getting
my moped license,
and owe Suz a small fortune.
On top of that, I skipped
a whole week of work.
It'll take me days to make
the "thanks
for covering my ass" rounds.
Can't catch a freakin' break.
You're both getting an earful
when we get home.
Rightly so.
Oh.
I'm sorry that I caused you
so much trouble.
Say what?
Did Ashiya hit you
in the head or something?
Hey, come on.
Everyone has moments like this
every now and again.
Is somebody
mind-controlling you?
I told you
that I'm having a moment.
If I ever do make it
back to Japan,
I promise to give you
all the apologies
that I owe you there.
Uh, okay.
Does she seem off to you, too?
[ACIETH]
Maou-Maou!
[ALL]
Huh?
[gasps]
[sobs]
That-That's my dad!
Hey.
I don't expect you
to forgive me
for all that I did back
in the day.
-[sobs]
-But I am very sorry.
Consider this
a token of my apology,
if you can.
[sobbing]
My dad is alive.
[sniffles]
Is this real?
Don't let this be a dream.
[ALAS RAMUS]
Dada. He's here!
I knew it! I go to Dada now!
Huh? Oh. Sure, go ahead.
Dada!
[laughs]
-Hey, there she is!
-Hi, Dada!
I brought a friend
along with me.
-Wanna say hi?
-Yeah!
Hi, Acieth! I missed you!
Oh.
Uh. Wait a second.
You did really good job
and grew up super-fast,
lil' sissy!
[laughs]
Huh? This is weird.
You're still a little baby.
The cutest baby ever.
[crying]
I missed you!
Don't ever leave me again,
Big Sis!
Hey. Everything
is all better now!
You're such a good girl,
lil' sissy.
[laughter]
[ACIETH]
I was so lonely without you!
So what's going on here?
Kind of a lot.
We're gonna need to hold
a big family meeting
once we get back home.
But before we go.
♪
Big meanie.